crin3.inc:     $              DUMTSR,DSDSNO,LBLSZ,DSFREC,DSLREC,VOFRWD,VOYEAR,
crin3.inc:     $              YEAROR,OBSTIM,STA,LOCATN,GAPCOD,DSDELT,NMEMS,
crin3.inc:     $              DSDSNO,LBLSZ,DSFREC,DSLREC,VOFRWD,VOYEAR,LASTYR,
crin3.inc:     $              YEAROR,OBSTIM,STA(2),LOCATN(10),GAPCOD,DSDELT,
crin4.inc:     $              YEAR,MO,DAY,LPYRFG,NREM,TYREND,FRMTIM,TZERO,TLAST,
crin4.inc:     $              LBLSZ,DSFREC,DSLREC,VOFRWD,VOYEAR,LASTYR,DSSEC,
crin4.inc:     $              BASEYR,VOKEY,KEYS,NAME,UNITS,DSCMPR,YEAROR,OBSTIM,
crin4.inc:     $              BCWBTI,BCWNOV,INPSTR,ENDF,YEAR,MO,DAY,LPYRFG,NREM,
crin4.inc:      INTEGER       VOFRWD,VOYEAR,LASTYR,DSSEC,BASEYR,VOKEY,KEYS(100),
crin4.inc:     $              NAME(2),UNITS,DSCMPR,YEAROR,OBSTIM,STA(2),
ctsin.inc:     2 VOTSB,VOLFRM,VOTFRM,BCWBTI,BCWNOV,INPSTR,ENDF,YEAR,MO,DAY,
ctsin.inc:     2 VOTSB,VOLFRM,VOTFRM,BCWBTI,BCWNOV,INPSTR,ENDF,YEAR,MO,DAY,
ctslb.inc:      COMMON/SCRTCH/DSDSNO,LBLSZ,DSFREC,DSLREC,VOFRWD,VOYEAR,LASTYR,
ctslb.inc:     1 DSSEC,BASEYR,VOKEY,KEYS,     NAME,   UNITS,DSCMPR,YEAROR,
ctslb.inc:      INTEGER       DSDSNO,LBLSZ,DSFREC,DSLREC,VOFRWD,VOYEAR,LASTYR,
ctslb.inc:     1 DSSEC,BASEYR,VOKEY,KEYS(100),NAME(2),UNITS,DSCMPR,YEAROR,
ctslr.inc:      COMMON/SCRTCH/DSDSNO,LBLSZ,DSFREC,DSLREC,VOFRWD,VOYEAR,LASTYR,
ctslr.inc:     1 DSSEC,BASEYR,VOKEY,KEYS,     NAME,   UNITS,DSCMPR,YEAROR,
ctslr.inc:      INTEGER       DSDSNO,LBLSZ,DSFREC,DSLREC,VOFRWD,VOYEAR,LASTYR,
ctslr.inc:     1 DSSEC,BASEYR,VOKEY,KEYS(100),NAME(2),UNITS,DSCMPR,YEAROR,
ctslx.inc:      COMMON/SCRTCH/DSDSNO,LBLSZ,DSFREC,DSLREC,VOFRWD,VOYEAR,LASTYR,
ctslx.inc:     1 DSSEC,BASEYR,VOKEY,KEYS,     NAME,   UNITS,DSCMPR,YEAROR,
ctslx.inc:      INTEGER       DSDSNO,LBLSZ,DSFREC,DSLREC,VOFRWD,VOYEAR,LASTYR,
ctslx.inc:     1 DSSEC,BASEYR,VOKEY,KEYS(100),NAME(2),UNITS,DSCMPR,YEAROR,
