hperagut.f:      SUBROUTINE   FIRORD
hperagut_newton.f:      SUBROUTINE   FIRORD
hperagut_original.f:      SUBROUTINE   FIRORD
hpernit_061201.f:      EXTERNAL    FIRORD,SV,OMSTR,OMSTC,OMSTD,OMSTI,OMSG
hpernit_061201.f:          CALL FIRORD (TMP,MOISTM,KDSAM,KADAM,THKDSA,THKADA,
hpernit_061206.f:      EXTERNAL    FIRORD,SV,OMSTR,OMSTC,OMSTD,OMSTI,OMSG
hpernit_061206.f:          CALL FIRORD (TMP,MOISTM,KDSAM,KADAM,THKDSA,THKADA,
hpernit_1.f:      EXTERNAL    FIRORD,SV,OMSTR,OMSTC,OMSTD,OMSTI,OMSG
hpernit_1.f:          CALL FIRORD (TMP,MOISTM,KDSAM,KADAM,THKDSA,THKADA,
hpernit.f:      EXTERNAL    FIRORD,SV,OMSTR,OMSTC,OMSTD,OMSTI,OMSG
hpernit.f:          CALL FIRORD (TMP,MOISTM,KDSAM,KADAM,THKDSA,THKADA,
hpernit_hwm.f:      EXTERNAL    FIRORD,SV,OMSTR,OMSTC,OMSTD,OMSTI,OMSG
hpernit_hwm.f:          CALL FIRORD (TMP,MOISTM,KDSAM,KADAM,THKDSA,THKADA,
hpernit_m2.f:      EXTERNAL    FIRORD,SV,OMSTR,OMSTC,OMSTD,OMSTI,OMSG
hpernit_m2.f:          CALL FIRORD (TMP,MOISTM,KDSAM,KADAM,THKDSA,THKADA,
hpernit_mass.f:      EXTERNAL    FIRORD,SV,OMSTR,OMSTC,OMSTD,OMSTI,OMSG
hpernit_mass.f:          CALL FIRORD (TMP,MOISTM,KDSAM,KADAM,THKDSA,THKADA,
hpernitm.f:      EXTERNAL    FIRORD,SV,OMSTR,OMSTC,OMSTD,OMSTI,OMSG
hpernitm.f:          CALL FIRORD (TMP,MOISTM,KDSAM,KADAM,THKDSA,THKADA,
hpernit_mgl.f:      EXTERNAL    FIRORD,SV,OMSTR,OMSTC,OMSTD,OMSTI,OMSG
hpernit_mgl.f:          CALL FIRORD (TMP,MOISTM,KDSAM,KADAM,THKDSA,THKADA,
hpernit_nut22b.f:      EXTERNAL    FIRORD,SV,OMSTR,OMSTC,OMSTD,OMSTI,OMSG
hpernit_nut22b.f:          CALL FIRORD (TMP,MOISTM,KDSAM,KADAM,THKDSA,THKADA,
hpernit_nut22c.f:      EXTERNAL    FIRORD,SV,OMSTR,OMSTC,OMSTD,OMSTI,OMSG
hpernit_nut22c.f:          CALL FIRORD (TMP,MOISTM,KDSAM,KADAM,THKDSA,THKADA,
hpernit_nut22d.f:      EXTERNAL    FIRORD,SV,OMSTR,OMSTC,OMSTD,OMSTI,OMSG
hpernit_nut22d.f:          CALL FIRORD (TMP,MOISTM,KDSAM,KADAM,THKDSA,THKADA,
hpernit_nut22f.f:      EXTERNAL    FIRORD,SV,OMSTR,OMSTC,OMSTD,OMSTI,OMSG
hpernit_nut22f.f:          CALL FIRORD (TMP,MOISTM,KDSAM,KADAM,THKDSA,THKADA,
hpernit_nut22g.f:      EXTERNAL    FIRORD,SV,OMSTR,OMSTC,OMSTD,OMSTI,OMSG
hpernit_nut22g.f:          CALL FIRORD (TMP,MOISTM,KDSAM,KADAM,THKDSA,THKADA,
hpernit_nut22h.f:      EXTERNAL    FIRORD,SV,OMSTR,OMSTC,OMSTD,OMSTI,OMSG
hpernit_nut22h.f:          CALL FIRORD (TMP,MOISTM,KDSAM,KADAM,THKDSA,THKADA,
hpernit_nut22i.f:      EXTERNAL    FIRORD,SV,OMSTR,OMSTC,OMSTD,OMSTI,OMSG
hpernit_nut22i.f:          CALL FIRORD (TMP,MOISTM,KDSAM,KADAM,THKDSA,THKADA,
hpernit_nut22j.f:      EXTERNAL    FIRORD,SV,OMSTR,OMSTC,OMSTD,OMSTI,OMSG
hpernit_nut22j.f:          CALL FIRORD (TMP,MOISTM,KDSAM,KADAM,THKDSA,THKADA,
hpernit_nwconc.f:      EXTERNAL    FIRORD,SV,OMSTR,OMSTC,OMSTD,OMSTI,OMSG
hpernit_nwconc.f:          CALL FIRORD (TMP,MOISTM,KDSAM,KADAM,THKDSA,THKADA,
hpernit_nwcon.f:      EXTERNAL    FIRORD,SV,OMSTR,OMSTC,OMSTD,OMSTI,OMSG
hpernit_nwcon.f:          CALL FIRORD (TMP,MOISTM,KDSAM,KADAM,THKDSA,THKADA,
hpernit_oldprint.f:      EXTERNAL    FIRORD,SV,OMSTR,OMSTC,OMSTD,OMSTI,OMSG
hpernit_oldprint.f:          CALL FIRORD (TMP,MOISTM,KDSAM,KADAM,THKDSA,THKADA,
hpernit_org.f:      EXTERNAL    FIRORD,SV,OMSTR,OMSTC,OMSTD,OMSTI,OMSG
hpernit_org.f:          CALL FIRORD (TMP,MOISTM,KDSAM,KADAM,THKDSA,THKADA,
hpernit_org_print2.f:      EXTERNAL    FIRORD,SV,OMSTR,OMSTC,OMSTD,OMSTI,OMSG
hpernit_org_print2.f:          CALL FIRORD (TMP,MOISTM,KDSAM,KADAM,THKDSA,THKADA,
hpernit_org_print.f:      EXTERNAL    FIRORD,SV,OMSTR,OMSTC,OMSTD,OMSTI,OMSG
hpernit_org_print.f:          CALL FIRORD (TMP,MOISTM,KDSAM,KADAM,THKDSA,THKADA,
hpernit_print.f:      EXTERNAL    FIRORD,SV,OMSTR,OMSTC,OMSTD,OMSTI,OMSG
hpernit_print.f:          CALL FIRORD (TMP,MOISTM,KDSAM,KADAM,THKDSA,THKADA,
hpernit_pw1.f:      EXTERNAL    FIRORD,SV,OMSTR,OMSTC,OMSTD,OMSTI,OMSG
hpernit_pw1.f:          CALL FIRORD (TMP,MOISTM,KDSAM,KADAM,THKDSA,THKADA,
hpernit_pw2.f:      EXTERNAL    FIRORD,SV,OMSTR,OMSTC,OMSTD,OMSTI,OMSG
hpernit_pw2.f:          CALL FIRORD (TMP,MOISTM,KDSAM,KADAM,THKDSA,THKADA,
hpernit_pw3.f:      EXTERNAL    FIRORD,SV,OMSTR,OMSTC,OMSTD,OMSTI,OMSG
hpernit_pw3.f:          CALL FIRORD (TMP,MOISTM,KDSAM,KADAM,THKDSA,THKADA,
hpernit_pw4.f:      EXTERNAL    FIRORD,SV,OMSTR,OMSTC,OMSTD,OMSTI,OMSG
hpernit_pw4.f:          CALL FIRORD (TMP,MOISTM,KDSAM,KADAM,THKDSA,THKADA,
hpernit_pw5.f:      EXTERNAL    FIRORD,SV,OMSTR,OMSTC,OMSTD,OMSTI,OMSG
hpernit_pw5.f:          CALL FIRORD (TMP,MOISTM,KDSAM,KADAM,THKDSA,THKADA,
hpernit_pw6.f:      EXTERNAL    FIRORD,SV,OMSTR,OMSTC,OMSTD,OMSTI,OMSG
hpernit_pw6.f:          CALL FIRORD (TMP,MOISTM,KDSAM,KADAM,THKDSA,THKADA,
hpernit_sav061127.f:      EXTERNAL    FIRORD,SV,OMSTR,OMSTC,OMSTD,OMSTI,OMSG
hpernit_sav061127.f:          CALL FIRORD (TMP,MOISTM,KDSAM,KADAM,THKDSA,THKADA,
hpernit_sav061214.f:      EXTERNAL    FIRORD,SV,OMSTR,OMSTC,OMSTD,OMSTI,OMSG
hpernit_sav061214.f:          CALL FIRORD (TMP,MOISTM,KDSAM,KADAM,THKDSA,THKADA,
hpernit_sav.f:      EXTERNAL    FIRORD,SV,OMSTR,OMSTC,OMSTD,OMSTI,OMSG
hpernit_sav.f:          CALL FIRORD (TMP,MOISTM,KDSAM,KADAM,THKDSA,THKADA,
hpernit_tmp2.f:      EXTERNAL    FIRORD,SV,OMSTR,OMSTC,OMSTD,OMSTI,OMSG
hpernit_tmp2.f:          CALL FIRORD (TMP,MOISTM,KDSAM,KADAM,THKDSA,THKADA,
hpernit_tmp.f:      EXTERNAL    FIRORD,SV,OMSTR,OMSTC,OMSTD,OMSTI,OMSG
hpernit_tmp.f:          CALL FIRORD (TMP,MOISTM,KDSAM,KADAM,THKDSA,THKADA,
hperpes.f:      EXTERNAL    FIRORD,SV,OMSTC,OMSTR,OMSG,NONSV,DEGRAS,OMSTI,OMSTD
hperpes.f:            CALL FIRORD (TMP,MOISTM,KDSPS,KADPS,THDSPS,THADPS,
hperpho.f:      EXTERNAL    FIRORD,SV,OMSG,OMSTI,OMSTD,OMSTC,OMSTR
hperpho.f:          CALL FIRORD (TMP,MOISTM,KDSP,KADP,THKDSP,THKADP,
