cilat.inc:     $              OUNITS,PUNIT,MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID,DELT,DELT60,
cilat.inc:      REAL          DELT,DELT60,GATMP,PRECA,LAPSE(24),ELDAT,AIRTMP,
cilge.inc:     $              OUNITS,PUNIT,MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID,DELT,DELT60,
cilge.inc:      REAL          DELT,DELT60
cilig.inc:     $              OUNITS,PUNIT,MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID,DELT,DELT60,
cilig.inc:      REAL          DELT,DELT60,AIRTMP,SNCF1(5,5),IWCF1(4,5),ELEVGC,
ciliq.inc:     $              OUNITS,PUNIT,MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID,DELT,DELT60,
ciliq.inc:      REAL          DELT,DELT60,SNIF(5),IWCF1(4,5),SDCF1(5),
ciliw.inc:     $              OUNITS,PUNIT,MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID,DELT,DELT60,
ciliw.inc:      REAL          DELT,DELT60,AIRTMP,SNIF(5),PACKI,SNOCOV,
cilsl.inc:     $              OUNITS,PUNIT,MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID,DELT,DELT60,
cilsl.inc:      REAL          DELT,DELT60,SNIF(5),SNOCOV,RAINF,SURS,IWCF1(4,5),
cilsn.inc:     $              OUNITS,PUNIT,MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID,DELT,DELT60,
cilsn.inc:      REAL          DELT,DELT60,AIRTMP,SNIF(5),DTMPG,WINMOV,SOLRAD,
cplat.inc:     $              MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID,DELT,DELT60,DELT5,NDAY,
cplat.inc:      REAL          DELT,DELT60,DELT5,NBLKSI,GATMP,PRECA,LAPSE(24),
cplms.inc:     $              MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID,DELT,DELT60,DELT5,NDAY,
cplms.inc:      REAL          DELT,DELT60,DELT5,NBLKSI,LZSN,UZSNM(12),SURS,UZS,
cplni.inc:     $              MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID,DELT,DELT60,DELT5,NDAY,
cplni.inc:      REAL          DELT,DELT60,DELT5,NBLKSI,SNIF(5),SURS,UZS,LZS,
cplpe.inc:     $              MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID,DELT,DELT60,DELT5,NDAY,
cplpe.inc:      REAL          DELT,DELT60,DELT5,NBLKSI,SNIF(5),SOSED,SOSDB(5),
cplpg.inc:     $              MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID,DELT,DELT60,DELT5,NDAY,
cplpg.inc:      REAL          DELT,DELT60,DELT5,NBLKSI
cplph.inc:     $              MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID,DELT,DELT60,DELT5,NDAY,
cplph.inc:      REAL          DELT,DELT60,DELT5,NBLKSI,SNIF(5),SURS,UZS,LZS,
cplpq.inc:     $              MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID,DELT,DELT60,DELT5,NDAY,
cplpq.inc:      REAL          DELT,DELT60,DELT5,NBLKSI,SNIF(5),PWCF1(6,5),
cplps.inc:     $              MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID,DELT,DELT60,DELT5,NDAY,
cplps.inc:      REAL          DELT,DELT60,DELT5,NBLKSI,SNCF1(5,5),PWCF1(6,5),
cplpw.inc:     $              MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID,DELT,DELT60,DELT5,NDAY,
cplpw.inc:      REAL          DELT,DELT60,DELT5,NBLKSI,PRECA,AIRTMP,PACKI,
cplse.inc:     $              MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID,DELT,DELT60,DELT5,NDAY,
cplse.inc:      REAL          DELT,DELT60,DELT5,NBLKSI,PRECA,SNOCOV,RAINF,SURS,
cplsn.inc:     $              MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID,DELT,DELT60,DELT5,NDAY,
cplsn.inc:      REAL          DELT,DELT60,DELT5,NBLKSI,AIRTMP,SNIF(5),DTMPG,
cplst.inc:     $              MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID,DELT,DELT60,DELT5,NDAY,
cplst.inc:      REAL          DELT,DELT60,DELT5,NBLKSI,AIRTMP,AIRTS,ASLTM(12),
cpltr.inc:     $              MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID,DELT,DELT60,DELT5,NDAY,
cpltr.inc:      REAL          DELT,DELT60,DELT5,NBLKSI,SNIF(5),MST(5),FRAC(8),
crhac.inc:     $              RCHNO,RCHID,DELT,DELT60,DELTS,NDAY,NDAYS,LKFG,
crhac.inc:      REAL          DELT,DELT60,DELTS,AVDEP,SROVOL,EROVOL,SOVOL(MXEXIT),
crhad.inc:     $              RCHNO,RCHID,DELT,DELT60,DELTS,NDAY,NDAYS,LKFG,
crhad.inc:      REAL          DELT,DELT60,DELTS,PREC,RO,ROS,O(MXEXIT),
crhco.inc:     $              RCHNO,RCHID,DELT,DELT60,DELTS,NDAY,NDAYS,LKFG,
crhco.inc:      REAL          DELT,DELT60,DELTS,PREC,SAREA,SROVOL,EROVOL,
crhge.inc:     $              RCHNO,RCHID,DELT,DELT60,DELTS,NDAY,NDAYS,LKFG,
crhge.inc:      REAL          DELT,DELT60,DELTS
crhgq.inc:     $              RCHNO,RCHID,DELT,DELT60,DELTS,NDAY,NDAYS,LKFG,
crhgq.inc:      REAL          DELT,DELT60,DELTS,PREC,DELTH,LEN,AVDEP,SAREA,
crhhd.inc:     $              RCHNO,RCHID,DELT,DELT60,DELTS,NDAY,NDAYS,LKFG,
crhhd.inc:      REAL          DELT,DELT60,DELTS,HYIF(5),HYIFC(MXCAT,5),PREC,POTEV,
crhht.inc:     $              RCHNO,RCHID,DELT,DELT60,DELTS,NDAY,NDAYS,LKFG,
crhht.inc:      REAL          DELT,DELT60,DELTS,PREC,AVDEP,SROVOL,EROVOL,
crhnu.inc:     $              RCHNO,RCHID,DELT,DELT60,DELTS,NDAY,NDAYS,LKFG,
crhnu.inc:      REAL          DELT,DELT60,DELTS,PREC,SAREA,SROVOL,EROVOL,
crhox.inc:     $              RCHNO,RCHID,DELT,DELT60,DELTS,NDAY,NDAYS,LKFG,
crhox.inc:      REAL          DELT,DELT60,DELTS,DELTH,LEN,SROVOL,EROVOL,
crhph.inc:     $              RCHNO,RCHID,DELT,DELT60,DELTS,NDAY,NDAYS,LKFG,
crhph.inc:      REAL          DELT,DELT60,DELTS,SROVOL,EROVOL,SOVOL(MXEXIT),
crhpl.inc:     $              RCHNO,RCHID,DELT,DELT60,DELTS,NDAY,NDAYS,LKFG,
crhpl.inc:      REAL          DELT,DELT60,DELTS,PREC,SAREA,SROVOL,EROVOL,
crhrq.inc:     $              RCHNO,RCHID,DELT,DELT60,DELTS,NDAY,NDAYS,LKFG,
crhrq.inc:      REAL          DELT,DELT60,DELTS,AVDEP,AVVEL,TW,SCRVEL,SCRMUL,
crhse.inc:     $              RCHNO,RCHID,DELT,DELT60,DELTS,NDAY,NDAYS,LKFG,
crhse.inc:      REAL          DELT,DELT60,DELTS,DELTH,DB50,LEN,SLOPE,AVDEP,TWID,
