ccopy.inc:      COMMON/SCRTCH/COPYNO,NPT,NMN,MESSU,DELT,NDAY,YR,MON,DAY,HR,MIN,
ccopy.inc:     $              NDAYS,SPAFP,SPAKND,SPIVL,SPOPNO,DUMA,UUNITS,IPTFP,
ccopy.inc:      INTEGER       COPYNO,NPT,NMN,MESSU,NDAY(12),YR,MON,DAY,HR,MIN,
ccopy.inc:     $              NDAYS,SPAFP,SPAKND,SPIVL,SPOPNO,DUMA(1),UUNITS,
cdisp.inc:     $              PYREND,DUMA,UUNITS,PSHFG,PDELT,NIVL,DISPNO,NDAY,
cdisp.inc:     $              MONTHS,IVLDAY,HRSPAN,DASPAN,MNSPAN,BLANKR,STVAL,
cdisp.inc:     $              DELT,A,B,THRSH1,THRSH2,DATA,DYVAL,YR,MON,DAY,HR,
cdisp.inc:     $              MIN,IVL,IVL1,NDAYS,PIVLNO,NXTMON,HRFG,DAYFG,
cdisp.inc:     $              EDAYFG,EMONFG,EPYRFG,IFP,DUMDIS
cdisp.inc:     $              DISPNO,NDAY(12),TRNCOD,MSGFL,MESSU,FMT1(16),
cdisp.inc:     $              IVLDAY,HRSPAN(2),DASPAN(2),MNSPAN(2),YR,MON,DAY,
cdisp.inc:     $              HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,NDAYS,PIVLNO,NXTMON,HRFG,DAYFG,
cdisp.inc:     $              EDAYFG,EMONFG,EPYRFG,IFP
cdura.inc:     $              DELT,NDAY,DATIMS,DATIME,YR,MON,DAY,HR,MIN,SESONS,
cdura.inc:     $              SESONE,IVL,IVL1,NDAYS,PIVLNO,SESFG,DSFP,NUM,SUM,
cdura.inc:     $              DURANO,NDAY(12),DATIMS(5),DATIME(5),YR,MON,DAY,HR,
cdura.inc:     $              MIN,SESONS(5),SESONE(5),IVL,IVL1,NDAYS,PIVLNO,
cgene.inc:      COMMON/SCRTCH/MESSU,MSGFL,GENRNO,DELT,NDAY,YR,MON,DAY,HR,MIN,
cgene.inc:     $              NDAYS,SPAFP,SPAKND,SPIVL,SPOPNO,DUMA,UUNITS,
cgene.inc:      INTEGER       MESSU,MSGFL,GENRNO,NDAY(12),YR,MON,DAY,HR,MIN,
cgene.inc:     $              NDAYS,SPAFP,SPAKND,SPIVL,SPOPNO,DUMA(2),UUNITS,
cilat.inc:     $              DUMX,NDAY,NDAYS,DUMW,HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,
cilat.inc:     $              EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,PIVLNO,
cilat.inc:     $              NDAY(12),NDAYS,DUMW(2),HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,
cilat.inc:     $              EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,PIVLNO,
cilge.inc:     $              DUMX,NDAY,NDAYS,DUMW,HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,
cilge.inc:     $              EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,PIVLNO,
cilge.inc:     $              NDAY(12),NDAYS,DUMW(2),HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,
cilge.inc:     $              EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,PIVLNO,
cilig.inc:     $              DUMX,NDAY,NDAYS,DUMW,HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,
cilig.inc:     $              EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,PIVLNO,
cilig.inc:     $              NDAY(12),NDAYS,DUMW(2),HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,
cilig.inc:     $              EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,PIVLNO,
ciliq.inc:     $              DUMX,NDAY,NDAYS,DUMW,HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,
ciliq.inc:     $              EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,PIVLNO,
ciliq.inc:     $              NDAY(12),NDAYS,DUMW(2),HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,
ciliq.inc:     $              EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,PIVLNO,
ciliw.inc:     $              DUMX,NDAY,NDAYS,DUMW,HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,
ciliw.inc:     $              EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,PIVLNO,
ciliw.inc:     $              NDAY(12),NDAYS,DUMW(2),HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,
ciliw.inc:     $              EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,PIVLNO,
cilsl.inc:     $              DUMX,NDAY,NDAYS,DUMW,HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,
cilsl.inc:     $              EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,PIVLNO,
cilsl.inc:     $              NDAY(12),NDAYS,DUMW(2),HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,
cilsl.inc:     $              EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,PIVLNO,
cilsn.inc:     $              DUMX,NDAY,NDAYS,DUMW,HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,
cilsn.inc:     $              EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,PIVLNO,
cilsn.inc:     $              NDAY(12),NDAYS,DUMW(2),HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,
cilsn.inc:     $              EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,PIVLNO,
cmuts.inc:     $              MUTNO,FILVAL,DUMA,UUNITS,PIVL,DELT,NDAY,YR,MON,
cmuts.inc:     $              DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,NDAYS,PIVLNO,STFG,VAL,PTFP,
cmuts.inc:     $              MUTNO,DUMA(18),UUNITS,PIVL,NDAY(12),YR,MON,DAY,HR,
cmuts.inc:     $              MIN,IVL,IVL1,NDAYS,PIVLNO,STFG,PTFP(10),MNFP(10)
cplat.inc:     $              MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID,DELT,DELT60,DELT5,NDAY,
cplat.inc:     $              NDAYS,NBLKSI,NBLKS,HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,
cplat.inc:     $              EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,PIVLNO,NXTMON,
cplat.inc:     $              MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID(5),NDAY(12),NDAYS,NBLKS,
cplat.inc:     $              HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,
cplms.inc:     $              MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID,DELT,DELT60,DELT5,NDAY,
cplms.inc:     $              NDAYS,NBLKSI,NBLKS,HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,
cplms.inc:     $              EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,PIVLNO,NXTMON,
cplms.inc:     $              MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID(5),NDAY(12),NDAYS,NBLKS,
cplms.inc:     $              HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,
cplni.inc:     $              MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID,DELT,DELT60,DELT5,NDAY,
cplni.inc:     $              NDAYS,NBLKSI,NBLKS,HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,
cplni.inc:     $              EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,PIVLNO,NXTMON,
cplni.inc:     $              ALPNFG,VNPRFG,NIADFG,NCRP,CRPDAT,CRPDAY,CRPFRC,
cplni.inc:     $              MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID(5),NDAY(12),NDAYS,NBLKS,
cplni.inc:     $              HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,
cplni.inc:     $              NCRP,CRPDAT(4,3),CRPDAY(13,3),BIVLN,CIVLN,
cplpe.inc:     $              MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID,DELT,DELT60,DELT5,NDAY,
cplpe.inc:     $              NDAYS,NBLKSI,NBLKS,HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,
cplpe.inc:     $              EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,PIVLNO,NXTMON,
cplpe.inc:     $              MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID(5),NDAY(12),NDAYS,NBLKS,
cplpe.inc:     $              HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,
cplpg.inc:     $              MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID,DELT,DELT60,DELT5,NDAY,
cplpg.inc:     $              NDAYS,NBLKSI,NBLKS,HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,
cplpg.inc:     $              EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,PIVLNO,NXTMON,
cplpg.inc:     $              MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID(5),NDAY(12),NDAYS,NBLKS,
cplpg.inc:     $              HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,
cplph.inc:     $              MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID,DELT,DELT60,DELT5,NDAY,
cplph.inc:     $              NDAYS,NBLKSI,NBLKS,HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,
cplph.inc:     $              EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,PIVLNO,NXTMON,
cplph.inc:     $              CRPDAY,CRPFRC,DUM17,WILTPT,DUM18,PHOIF,PHAFFP,
cplph.inc:     $              MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID(5),NDAY(12),NDAYS,NBLKS,
cplph.inc:     $              HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,
cplph.inc:     $              CRPDAT(4,3),CRPDAY(13,3),PHAFFP(2,2),PHACFP(2,2),
cplpq.inc:     $              MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID,DELT,DELT60,DELT5,NDAY,
cplpq.inc:     $              NDAYS,NBLKSI,NBLKS,HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,
cplpq.inc:     $              EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,PIVLNO,NXTMON,
cplpq.inc:     $              MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID(5),NDAY(12),NDAYS,NBLKS,
cplpq.inc:     $              HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,
cplps.inc:     $              MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID,DELT,DELT60,DELT5,NDAY,
cplps.inc:     $              NDAYS,NBLKSI,NBLKS,HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,
cplps.inc:     $              EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,PIVLNO,NXTMON,
cplps.inc:     $              MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID(5),NDAY(12),NDAYS,NBLKS,
cplps.inc:     $              HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,
cplpw.inc:     $              MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID,DELT,DELT60,DELT5,NDAY,
cplpw.inc:     $              NDAYS,NBLKSI,NBLKS,HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,
cplpw.inc:     $              EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,PIVLNO,NXTMON,
cplpw.inc:     $              MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID(5),NDAY(12),NDAYS,NBLKS,
cplpw.inc:     $              HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,
cplse.inc:     $              MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID,DELT,DELT60,DELT5,NDAY,
cplse.inc:     $              NDAYS,NBLKSI,NBLKS,HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,
cplse.inc:     $              EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,PIVLNO,NXTMON,
cplse.inc:     $              MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID(5),NDAY(12),NDAYS,NBLKS,
cplse.inc:     $              HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,
cplsn.inc:     $              MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID,DELT,DELT60,DELT5,NDAY,
cplsn.inc:     $              NDAYS,NBLKSI,NBLKS,HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,
cplsn.inc:     $              EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,PIVLNO,NXTMON,
cplsn.inc:     $              MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID(5),NDAY(12),NDAYS,NBLKS,
cplsn.inc:     $              HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,
cplst.inc:     $              MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID,DELT,DELT60,DELT5,NDAY,
cplst.inc:     $              NDAYS,NBLKSI,NBLKS,HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,
cplst.inc:     $              EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,PIVLNO,NXTMON,
cplst.inc:     $              MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID(5),NDAY(12),NDAYS,NBLKS,
cplst.inc:     $              HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,
cpltg.inc:     $              YLABL,YMIN,YMAX,IVLIN,THRESH,CUVDAT,DELT,NDAY,
cpltg.inc:     $              PIVL,VAL,YR,MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,NDAYS,PIVLNO,
cpltg.inc:     $              TITLE(10),YLABL(5),CUVDAT(9,10),NDAY(12),PIVL,YR,
cpltg.inc:     $              MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,NDAYS,PIVLNO,STFG,PLTFLG,
cpltr.inc:     $              MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID,DELT,DELT60,DELT5,NDAY,
cpltr.inc:     $              NDAYS,NBLKSI,NBLKS,HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,
cpltr.inc:     $              EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,PIVLNO,NXTMON,
cpltr.inc:     $              MESSU,MSGFL,LSNO,LSID(5),NDAY(12),NDAYS,NBLKS,
cpltr.inc:     $              HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,
crhac.inc:     $              RCHNO,RCHID,DELT,DELT60,DELTS,NDAY,NDAYS,LKFG,
crhac.inc:     $              NEXITS,HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,
crhac.inc:     $              MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,PIVLNO,NXTMON,SPAFP,
crhac.inc:     $              MSGFL,RCHNO,RCHID(5),NDAY(12),NDAYS,LKFG,NEXITS,
crhac.inc:     $              HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,
crhad.inc:     $              RCHNO,RCHID,DELT,DELT60,DELTS,NDAY,NDAYS,LKFG,
crhad.inc:     $              NEXITS,HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,
crhad.inc:     $              MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,PIVLNO,NXTMON,SPAFP,
crhad.inc:     $              MSGFL,RCHNO,RCHID(5),NDAY(12),NDAYS,LKFG,NEXITS,
crhad.inc:     $              HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,
crhco.inc:     $              RCHNO,RCHID,DELT,DELT60,DELTS,NDAY,NDAYS,LKFG,
crhco.inc:     $              NEXITS,HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,
crhco.inc:     $              MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,PIVLNO,NXTMON,SPAFP,
crhco.inc:     $              MSGFL,RCHNO,RCHID(5),NDAY(12),NDAYS,LKFG,NEXITS,
crhco.inc:     $              HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,
crhge.inc:     $              RCHNO,RCHID,DELT,DELT60,DELTS,NDAY,NDAYS,LKFG,
crhge.inc:     $              NEXITS,HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,
crhge.inc:     $              MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,PIVLNO,NXTMON,SPAFP,
crhge.inc:     $              MSGFL,RCHNO,RCHID(5),NDAY(12),NDAYS,LKFG,NEXITS,
crhge.inc:     $              HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,
crhgq.inc:     $              RCHNO,RCHID,DELT,DELT60,DELTS,NDAY,NDAYS,LKFG,
crhgq.inc:     $              NEXITS,HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,
crhgq.inc:     $              MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,PIVLNO,NXTMON,SPAFP,
crhgq.inc:     $              MSGFL,RCHNO,RCHID(5),NDAY(12),NDAYS,LKFG,NEXITS,
crhgq.inc:     $              HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,
crhhd.inc:     $              RCHNO,RCHID,DELT,DELT60,DELTS,NDAY,NDAYS,LKFG,
crhhd.inc:     $              NEXITS,HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,
crhhd.inc:     $              MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,PIVLNO,NXTMON,SPAFP,
crhhd.inc:     $              MSGFL,RCHNO,RCHID(5),NDAY(12),NDAYS,LKFG,NEXITS,
crhhd.inc:     $              HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,
crhht.inc:     $              RCHNO,RCHID,DELT,DELT60,DELTS,NDAY,NDAYS,LKFG,
crhht.inc:     $              NEXITS,HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,
crhht.inc:     $              MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,PIVLNO,NXTMON,SPAFP,
crhht.inc:     $              MSGFL,RCHNO,RCHID(5),NDAY(12),NDAYS,LKFG,NEXITS,
crhht.inc:     $              HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,
crhnu.inc:     $              RCHNO,RCHID,DELT,DELT60,DELTS,NDAY,NDAYS,LKFG,
crhnu.inc:     $              NEXITS,HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,
crhnu.inc:     $              MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,PIVLNO,NXTMON,SPAFP,
crhnu.inc:     $              MSGFL,RCHNO,RCHID(5),NDAY(12),NDAYS,LKFG,NEXITS,
crhnu.inc:     $              HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,
crhox.inc:     $              RCHNO,RCHID,DELT,DELT60,DELTS,NDAY,NDAYS,LKFG,
crhox.inc:     $              NEXITS,HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,
crhox.inc:     $              MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,PIVLNO,NXTMON,SPAFP,
crhox.inc:     $              MSGFL,RCHNO,RCHID(5),NDAY(12),NDAYS,LKFG,NEXITS,
crhox.inc:     $              HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,
crhph.inc:     $              RCHNO,RCHID,DELT,DELT60,DELTS,NDAY,NDAYS,LKFG,
crhph.inc:     $              NEXITS,HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,
crhph.inc:     $              MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,PIVLNO,NXTMON,SPAFP,
crhph.inc:     $              MSGFL,RCHNO,RCHID(5),NDAY(12),NDAYS,LKFG,NEXITS,
crhph.inc:     $              HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,
crhpl.inc:     $              RCHNO,RCHID,DELT,DELT60,DELTS,NDAY,NDAYS,LKFG,
crhpl.inc:     $              NEXITS,HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,
crhpl.inc:     $              MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,PIVLNO,NXTMON,SPAFP,
crhpl.inc:     $              MSGFL,RCHNO,RCHID(5),NDAY(12),NDAYS,LKFG,NEXITS,
crhpl.inc:     $              HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,
crhrq.inc:     $              RCHNO,RCHID,DELT,DELT60,DELTS,NDAY,NDAYS,LKFG,
crhrq.inc:     $              NEXITS,HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,
crhrq.inc:     $              MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,PIVLNO,NXTMON,SPAFP,
crhrq.inc:     $              MSGFL,RCHNO,RCHID(5),NDAY(12),NDAYS,LKFG,NEXITS,
crhrq.inc:     $              HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,
crhse.inc:     $              RCHNO,RCHID,DELT,DELT60,DELTS,NDAY,NDAYS,LKFG,
crhse.inc:     $              NEXITS,HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,
crhse.inc:     $              MON,DAY,HR,MIN,IVL,IVL1,PIVLNO,NXTMON,SPAFP,
crhse.inc:     $              MSGFL,RCHNO,RCHID(5),NDAY(12),NDAYS,LKFG,NEXITS,
crhse.inc:     $              HRFG,DAYFG,STFG,EDAYFG,EMONFG,EPYRFG,YR,MON,DAY,
crin4.inc:     $              YEAR,MO,DAY,LPYRFG,NREM,TYREND,FRMTIM,TZERO,TLAST,
crin4.inc:     $              BCWBTI,BCWNOV,INPSTR,ENDF,YEAR,MO,DAY,LPYRFG,NREM,
ctsin.inc:     2 VOTSB,VOLFRM,VOTFRM,BCWBTI,BCWNOV,INPSTR,ENDF,YEAR,MO,DAY,
ctsin.inc:     2 VOTSB,VOLFRM,VOTFRM,BCWBTI,BCWNOV,INPSTR,ENDF,YEAR,MO,DAY,
