hfiles.f:C     Process HSPF Files Block.
hfiles.f:      DATA PRGNAM/'HSPF version 11'/
hfiles.f:C     Open a file for HSPF.
hfiles.f:C     Read HSPF Files Block and store entries in arrays.
hfiles.f:C               0 : FILES keyword not yet read (used by HSPF)
hfiles.f:C     FILES   - integer array of HSPF file unit numbers
hperagut.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hperagut_newton.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hperagut_original.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hpernit_1.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hpernit.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hpernit_m2.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hpernit_mass.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hpernitm.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hpernit_mgl.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hpernit_nut22b.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hpernit_nut22c.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hpernit_nut22d.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hpernit_nut22f.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hpernit_nut22g.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hpernit_nut22h.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hpernit_nut22i.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hpernit_nut22j.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hpernit_nwconc.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hpernit_nwcon.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hpernit_org.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hpernit_org_print2.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hpernit_org_print.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hpernit_print.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hpernit_pw1.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hpernit_pw2.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hpernit_pw3.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hpernit_pw4.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hpernit_pw5.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hpernit_pw6.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hpernit_sav.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hpernit_tmp2.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hpernit_tmp.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hperpes.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hperpes.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hperpho.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hpersno.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hperwat.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hperwat.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hrchgqu.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hrchhyd.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hrchhyd.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hrchhyd.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hrchhyd.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hrchhyd.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hrchnut_cheater.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hrchnut.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hrchnut_original.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hrchnuttemp.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hrchsed.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hringen.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hringen.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hringen.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hringen.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hringen.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hringen.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hringen.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hringen.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hringen.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hringen.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hringen.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hrinoput.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hrinseq.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hrintss.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hrintss.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hrintss.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hrintss.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hrinwdm.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hrinwdm.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hruntsgq.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hrunut.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hspf.f:      SUBROUTINE   HSPF
hspf.f:C     Main routine for HSPF without file management or system dep stuff.
hspf.f:C     of HSPF software for execution of user's instructions.
htsinsi.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
htsinsi.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
htsinsi.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
htssut.f:C     MSGFL  - fortran unit number of HSPF message file
hutop.f:C     use by HSPF-format of file is same as a HSPF PLOTFL
hutop.f: 2000 FORMAT (A4,1X,'HSPF FILE FOR DRIVING SEPARATE PLOT PROGRAM',/,
specact.f:C     MSGFL  - unit number of file containg HSPF message text
specsort.f:C     MSGFL  - unit number of file containg HSPF message text
